[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this video
we're going to take a look at retro
puppet master the seventh in the series
let's get to it we open on a promising
scene it's 1944 near the Swiss border
and we're welcome to by the sharp
penetrating gaze of the true puppet
master returned to save a saw but don't
get too comfortable he's mostly here to
set up the pretense for yet another
movie that describes his backstory this
is initiated when blade finds the head
of one of two longs early puppets
Cyclops two on delusional from hunger
immediately begins to hallucinate about
the old days in Cairo were an unknown
man freshly in possession of Zoo Tech's
secrets is running from several other
men they unleash the power of zoo tech
upon him but with minimal results and he
gets away in response to tech goes
through a whole thing here the result of
which is that he unleashes three mummies
to go track down his secret and return
it to him we cut to a young two lon
done up like a proper Parisian fancy boy
in 1902 preparing for a show with his
Bros meanwhile at the Swiss Embassy
Ilsa's looking for an opportunity to
bust out and sow some Wild Oats don't go
into any opium dens that leaves the
board pretty well open with the world of
possibilities ahead of her she ends a
bad puppy show and they're not even
marionettes Toulon reveals himself to
the audience and proves to be an
ineffective fluffer as he meekly
whispers at them pre-show we're then
left to wonder how they managed to sell
out the venue as the puppets monologue
poetically about the nature of Hell in
free will you know good stuff outside
our friend from Cairo is slinking
through the shadows while being observed
from below are three mummies can't kill
him directly due to the imposition of
unnecessary supernatural rules so
they've hired some thugs to do it for
them this goes on outside the theater in
front of a floodlight as the crowd
disperses it also finds them and calls
for help receiving some from too long
who gets the meat inside when inside
they tend to him as Toulon and Ilsa hit
it off their connection possibly love at
first sight possibly the result of a
pheromone dump caused by an overload of
her endocrine system as a result of the
evenings excitements either way it
guarantees they haven't seen the last of
each other they also then returns to the
embassy as the mummies regroup and plan
their next attack Toulon happens to be
around when the mysterious victim wakes
up they have a conversation and he
implies he's been alive for twenty nine
hundred years he explains the situation
and expresses his desire to pass the
secret on to Toulon before he passes
away saying that's vital to saving
humanity from
destruction at the hands of the Elder
Gods and too loud expresses surprise at
the free moving puppets but doesn't have
sufficient motivation to commit until he
finds this dead Street urgent outside
they quickly bring him inside and
perform a ceremony filling it any future
plot holes by acknowledging that the
power comes from within the process is
secondary so you can really do it
however you want and bing-bang-boom the
puppet comes to life all they have to do
is dispose of the body a common activity
for any turn-of-the-century Parisian
puppeteer kills us still swinging from
the hormone bath and thirsty as hell
heads back to the theatre to check in on
everyone but two lands not in a good
mind space when she arrives he's
distracted by his disobedient puppet and
brushes her off just then several men
arrive at the behest of Elsa's father to
take them both back to the embassy
working hard to rein in her adventurous
nature he informs her of his plan to
send her back to Geneva and keep her
under lock and key until then the next
morning the talisman of protection falls
from the doorpost and the mummies gain
access to the inner sanctum of the
theatre immediately going into action
well kind of they actually proceed in
slow motion and continue in this way for
some time hitting puppeteer after
puppeteer with some After Effects
quality magic that apparently causes
lower GI discomfort and eventually death
this guy fires on them and gets three
wait in the face the Egyptian finally
joins the party just in time to save no
one and then kills himself two-line
arrives to find the aftermath of the
destruction and immediately goes to work
face down ass up he quickly begins
poking them and invoking that magic now
in a hardcore state of mind the puppets
load up and prepare for battle as Toulon
gets his letters scarified into his
shoulder oh yeah that'll keloid nicely
but he doesn't have to go far for the
murder party his magic alerted the
mummies who arrived back at the theatre
they all have a slow uneventful standoff
ending with tea in the troupe escaping
despite Tuan throwing a hip zhu tech
cheatcodes to the three mummies giving
them another chance along with
additional power which they diffuse into
their faces as they determine their next
steps they find a picture of Ilsa and
conclude that she is the love of two
lhans life hey don't put that on them
they've only met twice they arrive at
the vich Knox Factory and abduct her
only being met with a flaccid resistance
and then they send to LAN a dream so he
knows what's up to longboards the
appropriate train and works his way to
the final boss fight the powered up
mummies quickly succumbed to pounding
and stabbing Ilsa is saved and as they
say the rest is some sort of ill-formed
chronologically elastic history the
movies book ended with what we actually
wanted but guys role is relegated to
relieving the series of a plot hole and
offer
a potential sequel which you're not
going to like trust me and that was a
seventh puppetmaster I hope you enjoyed
the video and thanks for watching
[Applause]
[Music]